[DOC] Edit setup content initial (#16)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/setup/upgrade-from-mke-3/perform-upgrade.md

> ## Perform the Upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Perform upgrade
```

An upgrade from MKE 3 to MKE 4 consists of the following steps, all of which

> are performed through the use of the `mkectl` tool:

Reviewer: Add empty line

> - Run pre-upgrade checks, to verify the upgradability of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run pre-upgrade checks to verify the upgradability of the cluster.
```

> - Carry out pre-upgrade migrations, to prepare the cluster for a migration from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Carry out pre-upgrade migrations to prepare the cluster for a migration from
```

  a hyperkube-based MKE 3 cluster to a k0s-based MKE 4 cluster.
- Migrate manager nodes to k0s.
- Migrate worker nodes to k0s.

> - Carry out post-upgrade cleanup, to remove MKE 3 components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Carry out post-upgrade cleanup to remove MKE 3 components.
```

- Output the new MKE 4 config file.

To upgrade an MKE 3 cluster, run the following command:

```shell
mkectl upgrade --hosts-path <path-to-hosts-yaml> --admin-username <admin-username> --admin-password <admin-password>
```

> The MKE 4 config file prints to your console when the migration is
> complete. To output the config file to a file for future use, run
  `mkectl apply`. Alternatively, you can set the `--config-out` flag to the
  path where you want to save the MKE 4 config file.

The upgrade process requires time to complete. Once the process is complete,
run the following command to verify that the MKE 4 cluster is operating:

```shell
sudo k0s kc get nodes

> ```

Reviewer: Add empty line after code sample

Example output:

```shell
NAME                                           STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
ip-172-31-103-202.us-west-2.compute.internal   Ready    master   29m   v1.29.3+k0s
ip-172-31-104-233.us-west-2.compute.internal   Ready    master   29m   v1.29.3+k0s
ip-172-31-191-216.us-west-2.compute.internal   Ready    <none>   29m   v1.29.3+k0s
ip-172-31-199-207.us-west-2.compute.internal   Ready    master   30m   v1.29.3+k0s
```

> >The MKE 3 cluster will no longer be accessible by way of the previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>The MKE 3 cluster will no longer be accessible through the previously
```
